TODO.md, before:

BEFORE SHARING WITH BETA TESTERS
- Wrap all renders with try/catch and post-loading visual on error
- Loading icon for view
	- Has to live outside component but be killed by component on render()
- Allow guest users who can later sign up without losing progress
- Make add measure one step again
	- New optional extra data during add measure
- "Mustard cut" test for older browsers
- Request throttling (https://github.com/nfriedly/express-rate-limit)
- Send exceptions to ga or use something like rollbar
- Add more data to analytics events (userid, watchid, measureid, etc)
- FAQ page
- Home page
- Change/forgot password


BEFORE SHARING WIDELY
- Persist sessions in db (so server restarts don't kill login)
- New user gets sample data to explore
- Improve register/verify so there is a "resend" option, detection of preuser in login/register, etc
- Search engine stuff -- <meta>, etc
- User option for using atomic time or not or manually setting offset
- Proper messaging system instead of alerts
- Manual wind power reserve tools
	- Count number of winds from dead to full
	- Count number of winds from full to 24 hours later
	- Start session with full wind, add new "winds added" number to measures to track power reserve


NOT SURE YET
- "Social" aspect? Share watches to other users?
- Service worker to make PWA
- Admin tools to see what's going on
- Pass data into custom elements where possible -- router params?
- Abstract all the time math and formatting to new utility for sharing
- Abstract some simple display sections into re-usable components (short interval warning?)

Commit message:

Going to need to reward header margins

TODO.md, after:

BEFORE SHARING WITH BETA TESTERS
- Rework header margins in em's -- will take a fair amount of testing
- Wrap all renders with try/catch and post-loading visual on error
- Loading icon for view
	- Has to live outside component but be killed by component on render()
- Allow guest users who can later sign up without losing progress
- Make add measure one step again
	- New optional extra data during add measure
- "Mustard cut" test for older browsers
- Request throttling (https://github.com/nfriedly/express-rate-limit)
- Send exceptions to ga or use something like rollbar
- Add more data to analytics events (userid, watchid, measureid, etc)
- FAQ page
- Home page
- Change/forgot password


BEFORE SHARING WIDELY
- Persist sessions in db (so server restarts don't kill login)
- New user gets sample data to explore
- Improve register/verify so there is a "resend" option, detection of preuser in login/register, etc
- Search engine stuff -- <meta>, etc
- User option for using atomic time or not or manually setting offset
- Proper messaging system instead of alerts
- Manual wind power reserve tools
	- Count number of winds from dead to full
	- Count number of winds from full to 24 hours later
	- Start session with full wind, add new "winds added" number to measures to track power reserve


NOT SURE YET
- "Social" aspect? Share watches to other users?
- Service worker to make PWA
- Admin tools to see what's going on
- Pass data into custom elements where possible -- router params?
- Abstract all the time math and formatting to new utility for sharing
- Abstract some simple display sections into re-usable components (short interval warning?)
